Let me go
Let go. You're scared.
When I just took up my sister's stuff
Why don't you know to be afraid?
I'm going to tell the teacher here.
Tell the teacher
Fine, I'll take you there!
This Young Master Gu looks warm and gentle
Why did you hit so hard?
Don't you know?
When Gu Shao was a child
I lost my own sister
That's right.
The feelings of the biological sister rest on the foster sister
Who dares to touch Tiantian's finger?
He's going crazy
Is there anyone who can help me?
Are you not afraid that one day you will be like me by him?
Bully?
My mother is a shareholder of Qingya
Who dares to protect you?
Qingya shareholders just ask a son like you
Why would I have to teach you the rules?
Uh-huh.
Don't mess with me!
Sorry I'm lucky
I don't do anything wrong.
I will never apologize
Why should I spend so much money with him?
What are you doing?